So now what have we learned about all these alternatives.
The obvious question is which approach should you use for your application.
No I think fraught the course you saw that he was an expert in general is an awesome development experience.
Everything is super fast it's easy to test changes both on simulators and real devices.
You don't need to build locally.
Therefore for you can also build and test for and on IAW on Windows systems and Linux which is not possible
without the managed workflow.
And that's all pretty cool.
But when we compare Expo to non exposed setups and with non expo I mean both creating it with React
Native Seelye or using a bear expert workflow.
Then of course we have to compare all the things.
So as mentioned with expo with the managed workflow it's easy to use that easy to develop non-taxable
means more manual setup and so on.
Now you also will will have an easy time deploying your app as you will also see in the deployment section
and you can even build and deploy for ISIS if you're on the Windows or Linux machine something which
is not possible without the managed workflow.
So there you have some restrictions there and deployment as you will see also takes more manual work
like the non expert workflow does in general when in the Expo managed workflow world we all have a rich
suit of native modules.
So all these Expo API eyes which are always easy to use just the expo installed away don't need any
setup.
So that's really amazing and you got pretty much everything you could want in the native app there.
Camera location filesystem it's all there.
If you sometimes need something which is not supported though or you need to write your own native code
that you want to connect to react native your own package or whatever it is then non Expo is the solution.
So there you can use any native code but of course you need to set it up manually and that might be
easy with React Native link as you saw or even some auto linking libraries but you might also have libraries
that take more effort.
In addition it's worth noting that of course third party libraries need to be maintained to stay up
to date with three act native and your words of HREOC native but also they need to stay up to date with
Android and ISIS.
Right.
Because these platforms also evolve and introduce new features or deprecate old features.
The expo API eyes are pretty guaranteed to be maintained because the expo team is active is working
on that and it's a whole ecosystem that works together.
That might not be true for all third party packages.
So does extra security you get with the actual packages is definitely pretty nice.
That being said as you saw with the bare workflow you can of course also add certain but not all Expo
API is to non managed apps.
That is possible but takes a bit more work now of course to manage workflow has downsides.
It's a wrapper around your app and that of course impacts both the size and performance.
Most likely not in a way that you will feel or see but it's worth noting there is a thin extra wrapper
and you don't have that in the bare workflow or when just working with the react native seal.
And of course as mentioned you're restricted to the built in native modules.
There are a bunch of those and probably everything you might ever need.
But if you need something else which is not built into x.
So an API which is not supported by Expo then there is no way to get it to work.
Then you need to eject because only non excel.
And with that I mean non managed workflow apps support all third party packages and all native modules
you might want to use.
So Dale for my suggestion would be that for most apps pretty much all apps probably.
You work with excel because of the great development experience and the great flexibility you have there.
Since you can always eject there there's not much to lose you can always go back to a non Expo managed
app if you want to.
As you saw starting with such a non Expo app.
So with a better app or even with just the react NATO supply app is a good idea.
If you know that you will need a lot of native functionalities that are not supported by expo or if
you're building a high performance application where every kilobytes of extra wrapping matters.
Then of course you might start with such app but otherwise I really see no strong reason for why not
to use Expo.
And especially if you're not working in a huge team in a corporation or anything like that.
Being able to build ISIS apps on Windows 2 is really a nice thing.
So that alone is also good reason for staying in the managed world so that are my two cents on that
since you can eject.
It's not like you have to stick with one solution.
If you started with it just going back from the bear or the react native seal I only setup to the managed
workflow is a bit more tricky because there you need to create a new export managed project.
Copy over your code and if you did use any third party libraries that are not from Expo you won't be
able to use them anymore.
So switching back can be hard.
Switching from Expo managed to Expo non managed that is pretty easy with ejecting.